---
layout: post
title: Hachi: A Dog's Tale
date: 2016-06-21 11:33
author: abhinavreviews
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
<h3><strong>PLOT</strong></h3>
This movie is heartwarming and is based on true story of faithful Akita Inu, Hachiko. Story starts with students giving presentation own My Hero. Ronnie comes up and starts by saying "My Hero is Hachiko my grandfathers dog ",and he continues the story "No one knows from where Hachi came,my grandfather found hachi abandoned on a train station. He tried to find his owner but there was no one around". The officer incharge asks professor to keep the dog until he is informed about a missing dog. Professor seems to be reluctant at first but agrees when officer says "all i can do is take him to pound in morning". So the professor takes the  dog home and tries to hide the dog from his wife but hachi introduced himself to professors wife which scared her and hachi had to spent the night in dog house.Professor learns from his Japanese professor friend, that the dog is a Japanese breed called an Akita, and that the Japanese character on the dog's collar tag is the number eight - "hachi". With time as no one agrees to take the dog, cate lets parker keep the dog upon seeing there conversation,as with time they both got attached to each other and there bond became strong. Parker tried his best to teach Hachi how to play with ball but hachi never seemed interested in back the ball. Hachi used to follow professor to train station in amusing ways.Later he learned that professor needs to go to work and he can't follow him. But everyday hachi used to come to train station upon hearing the trains horn. Hachi loved parker so much he came everyday to train station to wait and walk with his friend back home. One morning hachi did not agreed to walk parker to train station but when the train was about to leave hachi appeared with ball and played with parker that was last time he saw parker. Parker collapsed during lecture and he died but hachi kept waiting for his friend on the spot in train station. Andy took hachi with her but hachi always returned to the same spot every day. Hachi left andy  and made train station his home. He waited for years for his master on the same spot before dieing. Ronnie chose Hachi as his hero because of this loyalty, despite he never having met Parker, his now deceased grandfather. In end we see ronnie playing with puppy whom he named hachi.
<h3><strong>VERDICT</strong></h3>
Hachiko: A Dog’s story is really a heartwarming film that shows the value of loyalty, family ties and life-long friendship. On the production side, I love how the film shows Hachi’s perspective and yes it can make you cry. Dogs and there beautiful friendship is perfectly shown in this movie. Do watch this movie.
