---
layout: post
title: DEADPOOL VS THANOS
date: 2016-06-25 08:56
author: abhinavreviews
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
This comic is all about how much thanos hates deadpool and how much death( embodiment of the end of life) loves deadpool. The story starts with deadpool sneaking into Dr. Dooms hotel room and shooting him in chest when he was'nt wearing his armor. After that deadpool calls tony stark saying he did what no avenger could do. But suddenly Dr. Doom gets up and shoots deadpool with his armor. Then somewhere between life and death Deadpool meets Death and Death screams " wade wilson..wade.. please!!". After that deadpool visits Black Talon where he informs deadpool that he is not the one responsible for everyone not dying. Black Talon says"i can see it, wrapped around your heart like a serpent. Magic so black, it does'nt even come earth mother. do you know you are cursed mistaah deadpool?".Then Black Talon takes a name 'THANOS'.It is then deadpool decides to fight thanos and save his lady love. he steals cables spaceship and all alone leaves to fight Thanos. So deadpool is guy with swords and guns who can nt die and thanos is an Eternal with strength, endurance, agility, and nearly invulnerable skin, who can shoot cosmic energy from his eyes and hands.As expected thanos crushes deadpool and beats shit out of him. Then again in Somewhere between life and death deadpool meets Mistress death  and says "save me wade Wilson. I know you can save me because even though you have surrounded yourself in darkness, you always find light. I know this because you are my true champion”. Thanos helped wade to recover as he needs deadpool in finding Mistress death. Yes thanos did’nt kidnap death it’s someone else. They both team up and deadpool refuses to take money for this he says “ you can put those gems back in your purse. This ones a freebie”.

Thanos knows that mistress death choose deadpool to communicate with and that pisses him off. But keeping his hate for deadpool aside he tries to work with him which deadpool is making difficult because of his gofing around. Finally thanos starts to figure out clues given by death to find her as she said “the light is dwindling” and he remembers a abandoned mining place. When they visit the place they are attacked by a bunny and his brothers and sisters. They were the ones who sacrificed half of their people to summon physical aspects of death but someone her from them. They told everything to thanos on a condition that he will come back to kill them. After having enough of deadpools jibber jabber thanos beats deadpool again to which deadpool says “ you hit like a girl. But that girl is she hulk or juggernette. Is that a thing?”. Suddenly appears guardian of galaxy and they attack thanos. Thanos is groped and deadpool healing. Then the bunny and group comes to save thanos time and they handle guardian of galaxy. In meantime deadpool kicks rocket on healing and they both leave destroying guardians spaceship. When they come back to spaceship deadpool says “yeah I got something on death.  Is it hot in here”  and boom abyss man/francis/ajax(he is all flamed up) attacks deadpool.

Thanos punches ajax saying “Wilson dies when thanos decrees” beating ajax with his lasers. Then deadpool says we need that abyss man/francis/ajax to find mistress death as he is man from hell. After deadpool is healed and thanos had his talk with abyss man he tells deadpool that Mephisto is one behind all this and they will need to go to hell. Black talon takes deadpool and thanos to hell where war is going on and  a lot of souls want to kill them and surprisingly more souls are saying deadpools name than thanos. Suddenly a women is about to attack thanos and its his mother. She wants to kill him but  before even getting close to thanos deadpool kills her saying “that’s your mother ? she is real cougar” mephisto appears saying “you should have just knocked” and everyone stands back. Thanos grabs him from neck but mephisto didn’t kidnap mistress of death as without her he is weak. Suddenly blackheart appears out of black talon knocking deadpool and tries to fight thanos but he was easily defeated. Then deadpool grabs mephisto saying “you cant go you can send us there. I saw it…she used last of her power to show me the place she was taken. Its big, the big nothing. A place where gods hand never reached. Outside of space, outside of universe, outside of eternity”

Yes  eternity brother of mistress death kidnapped her as he is feed of losing parts of himself to infinity gems, galactus and annihilation waves. Inbetweener tries to talk senses into eternity. While eternity and inbetweener talking thanos and everyone appears behind them and deadpool says “im standing on nothing”. Thanos goes to save death but death says “wade Wilson my love” which makes thanos angry and he punches deadpool making eternity aware of there presence. Eternity tries to kill everyone but death says “don’t worry no one will die. As I say who dies and as mistress of death I share my powers with ones I love” sharing her power with thanos and deadpool death says “ punish my brother ” while fighting thanos and deadpool eternity punching thanos says “ once you controlled reality! Now you are but a thrall! I control the fire of infinite stars.”  To which deadpool punching eternity says “oh yah,um well,sometimes I watch dancing with stars!”

Defeating eternity thanos is up for killing when deadpool says about a threeway and leaving thanos bashes deadpool with his lasers and death takes deadpools powers back as if she wants eternity to pay for what he did to her. Deadpool cant stand all this so he decides to fight thanos and say “guess this ones a freebie” but thanos throws deadpool into eternity. Inside of eternity deadool meets uni-power who is protector of eternity who gives deadpool powers. Deadpool turns into captain universe and punches thanos. He calls himself pool captain. They both battles and deadpool says “you say you love death but you are as contradictory as me. As much as you think you serve death you serve life just the same” death is shown in deep thought after all deadpools blabbing. Death takes back thanos power and disappears and thanos dies. Eternity thanks deadpool and deadpool says “don’t thank me just don’t kidnap death because immorality is a curse. Life needs death. Without death life takes itself for granted. Without wondering how best we should live our life.” Everything returns back to normal except deadpool he still a “merc with mouth”. At the end we see deadpool again trying to kill dr. doom and being blown away by dr. doom. Also black talon lets his slave army of zombies free as all the stuff love of death can do and he is no more into it. He pity anyone who does
