---
layout: post
title: "PARCHED"
date: 2017-02-03 19:42
---
## PARCHED

Starring <b>Tannshita chatterjee </b>(a window)<b>, Radhika Apte </b>(a childless woman) and <b>Surveen Chawla </b>(a sex worker)<b>&nbsp;</b>this movie is about all the demons women are facing in remote areas of our country. It is a well directed drama. Movie is set in a remote village of Rajasthan and is about all the problems lajjo,bijlli and Rani goes through. This movie highlights the double standards of our society and how helpless we are to change this absurd culture in which women are still treated like an object by men. This saddening truth is perfectly covered in this movie. From dowry, prostitution, forced marriages, physical abuse, alcoholic husband and social apathy this movies covers everything.

<b>Things I liked:&nbsp;</b>

Content of movie is strong and there is definitely an emotional connect with audience. Characters were well written but climax was somewhat predictable but movie is surely a worth watch. All the intimate scenes were not forced.

Cinematography was excellent. Director of photography must be a genius.&nbsp;

Acting by Tannshita and Radhika is terrific but Surveen's acting &nbsp;is outstanding and child artist <b>Leher khan </b>(janaki) was also great.

Overall movie is great obviously that's why this movie won 18 awards,2 4 international film festivals across continents. But didn't get the &nbsp;acknowledgement it deserved. Whereas movies like sultan made 300crore. So confused for whom to be more sorry our cinema or our society. Society I guess.&nbsp;
