---
layout: post
title: "DEADPOOL KILLS MARVEL UNIVERSE"
date: 2017-01-20 +0200
---
## DEADPOOL KILLS MARVEL UNIVERSE
This is a non canon storyline but is really interesting. The story starts with a universe in which X-MEN tries to help deadpool. They bring deadpol to a facility where the doctor promises prof. X that he will help deadpool. But the doctor is actually Psycho-Man who wants to create a army of his own and wants deadpool to be his puppet. He tortures deadpool which ends up in killing the comic voice and serious voice inside of deadpool and all that left is a voice in red box which makes deadpool realize that deadpool that he needs to free everyone,as everyone in this universe is being controlled. After killing Psycho-Man deadpool burns the whole building to ground.

After this he attacks Fantastic Four, starting with Mr fantastic. He somehow makes Mr Fantastic melt and Mr. Fantastic dies in Invisible woman's lap. Then he cuts off Human Torch's head after saying, "you put up more of a fight than i gave you credit for". Invisble woman tries to kill deadpool by blowing his head. But obviously deadpool has healing power and he stabs her from back. Deadpool attacks watcher who is surprised as no one can see him, to which deadpool says "i can see what others can not" and he kills watcher.  After that he kills many superheros and villians,before encountering spiderman. Spiderman says"better psychopaths than you have tried, pal! you should worry less about killing me..and more about the rapidly approaching asphalt" throwing deadpool on ground. Spiderman tries to talk to deadpool grabing him from neck and deadpool says 'you are right. I'm not going to cut you" and he shoots spidey in face and deadpool says "all the psychopaths you were bragging about should have tried? A Gun."

After killing most of the avengers and spidey, wade goes on to kill rest of the avengers. Captain America calls a meeting to discuss about killing spree of deadpool and before anyone could figure out what is next target of wade. They gets attacked by PYM particle bomb killing everyone inluding Captain and Iron man. Luke cage rises from the fallen roof saying" you need more than couple of bombs than to take out someone with unbreakable skin",to which deadpool discloses his plan of adding PYM particles in avengers coffee to take him down .After killing luke cage deadpool faces Thor asking him"me and my last batch of PYM particles can only think of one question. Whose stronger? you or your hammer."and mjolnir  expands thus killing thor. Next up is hulk tearing deadpool into parts. After tearing him apart hulk goes to hide and nap,turning into banner. This was what deadpool was waiting for and he kills banner.In end of second comic we see aunt marry,mary jane , Mr jones and other relatives of avenger offering money to Task Master to kill deadpool.

Third comic starts with deadpool talking to kidnaped prof. X about everyting in his head, that he wants to free everyone as everyone is puppet. deadpool also says that he is not crushing 4th wall but 4th wall is crushing him. All the Xmen are busy dealing with the traps deadpool has setup. Xmen fails badly and everyone is killed scott,gambit,emma,sam and colosus.Furious prof X tries to kill deadpool by looking into his psyche and prof, says"oh..i never realized" and profX drops brain dead. magneto aslo dies off jellifield acid as deadpool said and kitty traped in a maze from which deadpool says "she will never come out alive". Then deadpool looks wolverine on screen  and says "i thought i killed him". wolverine finds x-23 and daken tied and being killed again and again before they can heal. Deadpool  comes to fight wolverine wearing beast's skin. he stabs wolverine saying"your coming back to life from brink of death has nothing to do with your healing powers. your mutant power isn't regeneration.it's your popularity. but don't worry i have something planned for you and all the popularity in world wont save you". in end of comic we see Dr. Strange dead.

The last part of this story starts withh all the heros and villians committing suicide. Later we see that deadpool controled them through puppet masters puppet. he also kills punisher and all the beings with higher power like thanos and silver surfer through puppet master's puppet's. At end it's Task Master VS deadpool. Task Master has ability to copy all the abilities of opponent and anticipate their next move. His ability turned into his weakness as he copied the fear deadpool had for being what he is. Man thing senses his fear and kills Task Master. Man thing gaurds all that exists and can understand what and deadpool is doing. So he sacrifices himself opening a portal for deadpool where he can see all the multiuniverse's. deadpool reaches the universe where script writers of marvel exist and he says "Hey I see you...out there watching. Don't worry i'll be done with these jokers..and this universe before you know it. I'll find you soon enough."
