---
layout: post
title: "PINK Movie Review"
date: 2017-01-24 17:05
---
## PINK Movie Review

Pink is a movie every indian should watch and try to learn from the movie. The movie comes from a fine director <span class="_Xbe kno-fv">Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury, who made 2 national award winning movies </span><strong>Anuranan</strong> (2006), <strong>Antaheen</strong>(2008) and features Amitabh bachchan, Taapsee pannu and kirti kulhari  . This movie portrays how a innocent girl gets harassed and framed by some influential orthodox and a corrupt system. A large population of our country has hideous and stable mindset towards women. Its like what a girl should wear, what she should do, what she drink is already decided. If she wants to be independent it is completely inacceptable. Brave women are always snubbed by our society and this movie perfectly portrays all of this. When it come to girls we have our perceptions ready, we decide what the girl is like from what she wears, whether she drinks or not. It is so sad that our society is so shallow. Why can't you let go of these misconceptions? Why can't you stop judging someone?Why can't these men not think of these womens feelings? What made them so cold and jerks? these questions remained unanswered while i was watching the movie and even after it ended.

Movie revolves around Three girls - Minal Arora (Taapsee Pannu), Falak Ali (Kirti Kulhari) and Andrea (Andrea Tariang) and how they tackle three influential boys with the help of Deepak Sehgall (Amitabh Bachchan). Girls accept dinner invitation from Rajveer(Angad Bedi) after a rock concert. Rajveer is known to Minal through a common friend. Andrea is touched inappropriately by Dumpy (Raashul Tandon). Minal picks up a bottle and smashes it on Rajveer's eye, leaving him bleeding despite she saying NO to him.

The first half is thriller and tense, with the audience is concerned for the girls’ safety as Rajveer (Angad Bedi) and his friends are out to make life hell for them. Minal on being threatened and molested files a FIR against boys. Using there connections boys makes a false case and gets minal arrested with charges of attempt to murder and solicitation. Then comes deepak sehgal to help these girls. This movie has all types of men from loving and caring landlord-who doesn't force girls to evict the flat even he was threatened;noisy neighbors- who thinks that the girls should not be given independence;deeply patriarchal and feudal boys; to a lawyer who will go to any extent to save his client, even he has humiliate a women.

This movie addresses the men and uses Deepak sehgal as a voice to make us aware that,"The girls are alright; it’s the boys who need to get their act together".

Second half of movie is courtroom drama and excellent points are made by Mr. Shegal. With unbelievable and absurd beliefs of Rajveer and his lawyer towards womens, Deepak shegals points like " a no is a no is a no, if a women is ready to drink with that doesnt means she is available." I recommend to watch this movie.
